hi everyone we're Eamon & Bec and
we've lived in our self converted
Sprinter van that you see behind us for
almost a year now if you guys are
interested in learning anything more
about our build how we did it in 30 days
I'm gonna link all of that below but for
today we thought we would sit down with
you guys and share our top 10 reasons
why you should not should not you should
not live in a tiny home van or RV or
just a small space in general let's get
into it
because it's such a small space you are
constantly cleaning every single inch of
this place is lived in to the T so
you gotta be ready to sweep like are you
kidding me I just found a piece of floss
on the floor all of this bright white
fresh cabinetry was really great in
theory until you've lived in a van at a
beach or anywhere for that matter and
you see how dirty it gets real quick so
I'm constantly doing this and yelling at
everyone for putting their feet up on my
walls bed covers when it comes to dishes
we do not have a big machine that does
them for us so not only are we left with
cold water only but things tend to pile
up around here because you're limited on
space you're limited on storage so one
thing we might have messed up is we went
with a little tiny fridge this thing's
not much bigger than a shoebox
it just means that you have to shop more
often
that goes for dried goods too this is
where we keep all our cereal pots pans
yeah you're shopping every couple days
extreme temperatures are only more
extreme in van life so when it's cold
you guys it is freezing in our tiny
house you have to picture it you've
worked late you don't have a heater or
you forgot to turn your heater on you
come back to the van you want to jump in
bed it is not warm on the flip side
you're in Mexico it's 40 degrees and oh
my gosh it's so freaking hot you can't
possibly take off enough clothing
extreme temperatures guys it's a real
thing you should not be moving into a
tiny house if you can't be totally aware
of your water usage we only have 15
gallons at a time so picture this you're
brushing your teeth you're doing dishes
you're in the middle of a remote amazing
location and all of a sudden you run
into water what are you gonna do that
you're not just gonna tap into water
lines and drinking a little glass of
wine oh you are you're screwed let's go
we're all right so now you've got the
water pump going you got water we got no
electricity to bring that water up look
nothing the water pumps not even on or
even worse you've got smoothie with a
banana ice peanut butter you're ready to
go and make your morning smoothie and
then all of a sudden oh we do a fire but
you don't have any power you've got to
be aware of your basic hour vents
totally off the grid so when it comes to
electricity and charging devices we need
to make sure that our batteries are
fully charged so we charge through solar
we can plug into Shore power or we
charge off the alternator but it's super
important that you manage those battery
levels so you're not left in a sticky
city
otherwise known as no powered so even if
everything is jim-dandy
you got your 15 gallons full batteries
charge of electricity let's try and make
some pancakes here oh yeah you got to
remember to fill your gas kids just one
more thing you gotta manage that's mom
mom dad please it is literally
impossible to be an introvert when you
live in a min especially when your
partner is a DD extreme extrovert what's
it with people all the time I can even
remember a time when a man died went
down to see the fireworks and we thought
oh this will be such a romantic date
just the two of us and I think we ended
up probably having about a hundred
people pass through man because of
course a man's giving man tours at 10:00
p.m. on a Wednesday just something to
think about
I would not recommend moving into a van
if you do not like cooing in public
places or have a small bladder the
reality is most days you don't shower if
you get a dank smell
it's called pits and ditch folks you
gotta get to the sink do a little pit
and you're not okay with that you might
not be okay with van life but hey it's
something you grow to be okay but of
course there are so many different ways
that you can shower we shower at our
local gym yoga studios that we get class
pass to friends houses that kind of
thing oh what a better solar shower
we installed a solar shower and we just
started getting the hang of using it so
stay tuned for lots more sexy pics of my
shower
don't move into your vehicle unless you
are a little bit mechanically inclined
dan repairs can get expensive so you
want to be able to fix a flat tire
change your oil not just the vehicle
it's our home so it's important to get
back on the road as quickly as possible
also there's no routine to your day so
if you're one of those creatures of
habit you might not be down with Dan
much morning neighbor since we're always
on the move things are constantly
breaking so you got to be aware of that
before takeoff you got to make sure you
batten down those hatches
we got a few outstanding rules no glass
no explosives no sharp objects
a little trim maybe I'll use some epoxy
or something
clean that up a little bit things you
just got a fix on the fly so should you
move into a tiny house or a van that's
the question isn't it
that's why you're here that's why you're
watching for us overall we love it the
pros way outweigh the cons and that's
kind of how you make big decisions in
life so I hope you hopefully you guys
found this video helpful there's a lot
of things we didn't include like stinky
farts yeah being in such a small space
with your partner but to be honest we
purposely didn't include those because
there's nothing you do about stinky fart
stinky farts are gonna happen in your
bedroom anyway and we don't believe it
up we don't drive each other that crazy
which a lot of people think is super
weird and I think what's really
interesting to note is we really
struggle to come up with 10 cons to
living in we had to get a pen and paper
done write this down so I just goes to
show you that living in a van at least
for us is 100% the way we want to be
living right now we really hope you
enjoyed this video if you did please
make sure to give it a big thumbs up
subscribe to our channel for more than
life daily life behind the scenes and
adventures that we have coming your way
there is so much coming up guys it's
really we might be doing another build
we might be going out west again we
might be going a bad for what what
all right see you guys bye guys police
come skateboard anything